Update tracing documentation (#88)
IKOR-GmbH/sip-framework: docs/core.md

an exchange when through and TraceHistory service which stores all data logged by it.
Configuration of the Tracer is enabled by adapting ExchangeFormatter.

Tracing functionality is set to false by default. In order to enable it, the following configuration should be added to the application.yml:

```yaml
sip:
  core:
    tracing:

>       enabled: false|true

Reviewer: in order to enable it, it must be true :)

      trace-type: LOG | MEMORY | "*" | LOG,MEMORY
```

Additionally, trace-type must be defined. Three types of tracing can be used:

- LOG - trace messages will be shown in logs
- MEMORY - trace messages will be stored in trace history and can be seen on the "actuator/tracing"*
- "*" | LOG,MEMORY - Both values are valid to be used. In case a user set both types, then the tracing will be available as LOG and as MEMORY type at the same time.

> Note: If tracing is enabled and trace-Type is set to MEMORY, in order to read trace messages from history the "actuator/tracing" must be exposed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: In order to access trace records trough web API the "actuator/tracing" must be exposed:
```
